# Personal Site

## Intro

Every developer should have a website right? Well, I have one but I don't like it.

I believe it's built on Hugo right now and done via github. Which is fine but I don't love the look of it.

I definitely don't want to spend a ton of time working on and creating the site. So something plug and play would be really nice.

Looking at https://jamstack.org/generators/ gave me a good idea of what static site generators are out there.

Hugo is up there but I don't really use or work with Go. I'd like to switch to something based on JS or Elixir.

Looking into Nuxt.js and Gatsby I went with Gatsby because I won't really be changing the content of the site much. I also decided to not think about it that much...

## Gatsby

I got gatsby up and running really quickly, which was nice. But it was a bit more involved than I was hoping and I kinda want a no code solution.

Using Gatsby would require learning React, which would be fine but would be taking on more than a single thing at a time. 
Possibly Nuxt is the way to go as I am familiar with Vue. 
Again there is coding for me to do with Nuxt. And I was kinda hoping to avoid that and all the thought that goes into designing a website.

## Nuxt

I started fiddling around with [nuxt content](https://content.nuxtjs.org/get-started) and it was really fast to start.

I then found that customizing styles and navigation links etc. was a lot more arduous than I wanted it to be.

I suppose that Nuxt Content made it super simple to spin up a md file driven blog while leaving a ton of ability to make things custom.
Some of my confusion is likely due to the difference in Vue from when I used it as well as being unfamiliar with nuxt itself.

I did quite like using it, however. And getting some more custom styling up and running was pretty neato and fast.

Using the two above has made me wonder if I should just go for rolling something in Elixir and LiveView. It would be good to step out of the Elixir ecosystem and into something different...

## Decision

I feel like I could waffle about this all day. I think I am going to settle on some combo of Nuxt/Nuxt Content.

At the end of it all I prefer the syntax of Vue over React and at least I have some base familiarity with Vue.

Likely I will start with a crazy simple configuration and expand it from there.
