# Projects

## Introduction

A side project or two is something I've always wanted to do. Tying them togething into blog posts or similar.

These projects could be work related, or not, but either way I'd like to be doing something in my spare time beyond phone scrolling and videogames.

Previous attempts start really well but inevitibly peeter out due to feeling "overwhelmed". My theory is this is due to

1. Having too many different projects to work on
2. Having each project be too ambitious
3. Having projects that are too ambitious
4. Having too much overhead to working on each project
   * ie: always trying to plan the project out
5. Spending too much time at the project when I do sit down

I think each of these things can be overcome by setting some ground rules to working on side projects going forward.

The outcome I want is to:

> Work on side projects at a regular and sustainable cadence

## Project work guidelines

The guidelines will be roughly:

1. Work on projects 3 times a week
2. Project work is timeboxed to a single hour at a time, no overages
3. No organizational overhead or requirements
   * This means no issues, no planning, no workflows getting in my way

With the above I should be able to just do things without feeling the overhead of doing things properly.

In practice this could look like:

* Reading a book and using this liveview to take notes and write out working code.
* Commiting straight to `main` in a Repo
* Not needing to plan out the things I want to do in a project ahead of time

The idea is to make this feel as little as "work" as possible. So that means allowing for some inherit "messiness" and following where my engagement is at.

Finally, I am going to be avoiding books to begin with. There's many good books I should probably read to make me a better developer but gosh do I find they sap the joy out. They also lead me to needing to "complete" the book by writing mass amounts of notes, implementing the examples, etc.

## Ideas

Should probably have some ideas. Here they are

1. Re-do my personal site (again)
2. Advent of Code
3. Game of Life

...
